Personae

Stephanus Johannes Paulus
Bill Tyre
Melisende
Ashkelon Ashqelon Ἀσκάλων Askálōn عَسْقَلَان ʿAsqalān אַשְׁקְלוֹן
Al Majdal
Zoser Sneferu
Henry Beckerrelll
Victoria Bitter
Godric Perl
Victor Hess
Ed Ney
Holly Nahrgang
Gab Rielle
Mikhail Medvedev
Lorentz Factor
Patricia Cabral
Warren Anderson
Yoichiro Nambu
claviusbase
Johannes Joubert
Manar Maged
Alden Olsen
Maura Murray
Lars Mittank
Clarabella Dronkers aka Clara Bauerle aka LUEBELLA
Jenevive Lancia, Claudia Tjelt, Vera Schlosseneck, Claudia Nielsen, Alexia Zarna-Merchez, Vera Jarle, Finella Lorck and Elizabeth Leen Hoywfer


Bill Tyre

I created this account because troubling things have been happening and I need to talk about them. 

I don't know if anyone will even read this, but it doesn't matter. I just need to let it out.

Maybe someone can help. I doubt it, but if so at least they'll have a chance of finding me.

I had another account for a while but I deleted it last year, for reasons I'd rather not discuss.

I doubt anyone who used to know me will find this anyway. I disappeared and I don't think anyone that used to know me would be looking out for me.

Anyway, I work in a shitty little restaurant down the street from my apartment. I'm the dishwasher and work the night shift.

I live on the second floor of a duplex. The building is old, in rough shape. Cracks in the ceiling, slanted floors, the tub doesn't drain.

A new landlord bought the place last year, nice enough guy, seems kind of naive. The previous owner really let it go to shit.

The downstairs apartment has been vacant for a few months now. I assume he's trying to rent it out but I haven't seen anyone looking.

A maintenance guy came to work on it for a while after the tenants left, but it still looks pretty rough from what I can see through the windows, which are thick with dust.

Since then, I haven't seen anyone in there, not even the landlord. I haven't talked to him in a while but he's still cashing my checks.

A few weeks ago I was talking home after my shift, around midnight. As my building came into view I thought I saw someone standing on the porch, outside the downstairs apartment door.

It freaked me out and I stopped. I tried to focus and see if I could make out who it was.

All I could see was a pretty indistinct silouette, no detail. I looked away when I thought I heard someone walking behind me on the sidewalk.

That freaked me out even more because this street is usually deserted so late at night. I turned around and didn't see anyone.

When I turned back the shadow on the porch was gone. 

I stood there for a few minutes looking around to make sure I couldn't see anything.

I walked closer, slowly, afraid that some creep was lurking there to break in or mug me or something.

There are a lot of creeps around here, drug addicts and lowlifes. There is low-income housing further up the street, cops are there all the time.

But I was beat and wanted to get to sleep, so I sped up, skipped up the stairs and got inside, slamming the door behind me.

I figured I'd just psyched myself out, probably imagined it. It was late and I had worked a double, my brain felt frayed.

So I went to bed. My heart was still racing for a little while but I passed out eventually.

For the first few days after I saw that shadow, I was anxious when I walked home from work, but didn't see anything.

Eventually I put it out of my mind. Then, last week, I was again walking home after work. It was late, and dark. 

I saw far up ahead of me on the sidewalk a dark shape that kind of looked like a person walking toward me. Or in my direction, at least.

I started feeling uneasy. I wasn't far from my building, but neither was that dark shape up ahead.

As we got closer, the shape did not get any clearer, just a blacker blotch in the darkness, growing larger.

When I was about half a block from home I realized I would cross paths with whatever that was right as I reached my porch stairs.

So I started running. I felt a pang of dread that the dark shape was speeding up too.

I leaped onto the porch and bolted up the stairs to my apartment door without looking back.

I fumbled with my keys. I was panicking. I got the door open and pulled it closed behind me. 

I thought for a second that I heard something moving on the porch. I held my breath and listened, but I didn't hear anything.

I looked out the window onto the sidewalk. No one, nothing. I couldn't see the porch from there though.

My shirt was soaked with sweat. I pulled off my clothes and climbed into bed. But my heart was racing. 

I layed there restless for hours, just listening. But I didn't hear anything else.

